---
tags: g0v-summit, 2020
id: 健康聲明
language: en
---
# 健康聲明說明-en

In prevention and control of COVID-19, please work with g0v Summit crew and follow the instructions carefully to protect yourself and others.


Following the instructions by the Central Epidemic Command Center (CECC), the modification might be made at anytime without notice, please come back to this page for regular update.

Latest update: 2020-07-06

## Prevention and Protection Strategy

- The contact-information-based measures will be implemented in our physical events. Participants shall fill out The Personal Health Declaration Form before the events. In addition, participants shall fill out The Building Check-In Form everytime when entering the building of each event.
- 
-   You will have to wear the badge when you enter AU conference hall, passing the entrance of TR Building at 1F, and RB105 conference room. Please be sure to checkin and get your badges before entering the event buildings.
- According to the CECC, a social distance of 1.5 meters(indoor) and 1 meter(outdoor) shall be maintained. People are urged to wear facemasks in crowded and cofined spaces. Every participant shall keep their facemask on during our events.

    The number of people is limited in every room. There will be staff monitoring the number of people in rooms. Please follow the instructions of our staff and not to enter if the room has reached its maximum allowance. We will post QRCode at the entrance of each rooms, providing a way for you to record your footprints during events. You are encouraged to scan the QRCode for faster contact in emergency need.
    If you don’t feel well or under home isolation, quarantine or self-health management, please stay at home and have a good rest.

For Participants

    Fill out the Personal Health Declaration Form
    Wear facemasks: Please keep your facemasks on during our events. Bringing more than one facemask is highly recommended.
    Wash your hands frequently and spray 75 percent alcohol disinfectant to clean your hands and seats.
    When you move to other spaces, please clean the desk before use.

For COSCUP

    COSCUP will use a diluted bleach solution to clean and disinfect all the venues and equipments.
    Ear thermometers will be prepared at the information desk in TR Building. If you don’t feel well, please go to check your body temperature.
    75 percent alcohol disinfectants are available on the registration desk and the information desk.

Personal Data Protection Declaration

    All the collected data are used to prevent COVID-19 and will be deleted after 28 days. The records of entering the buildings and session rooms are solely used in response to the pandemic. COSCUP will contact participants of a close or proximate contact of a confirmed or suspected case and provide the records for the local government and CECC of Taiwan.